# From the Deep

In this problem, you'll write freeform responses to the questions provided in the specification.

## Random Partitioning
Pros:
- The collected data will be evenly distributed, which means none of the servers (or boats in this case)
will be overloaded.

Cons:
- If a researcher needs to analyze the data they have, they must run querries on every boat since the data
is randomly distributed. For example, if they want to analyze some data they collected on the early hours,
appearently all of the boats have different data gathered on early hours. So, it means that all of the boats
are needed to run a query.

There's a trade-off here. To not have overloaded servers, the data analysts have to work on every server they own,
which means more time to analyze.

## Partitioning by Hour
Pros:
- Considering the three boats have been seperated by the time they have data, it will be easier to find the data
for the analysts. For example, if they want to run queries on the data that they had on early hours, they only need
one boat for that.

Cons:
- The data won't be evenly distributed, because the submarine gathers more data in early hours. Also, there is a boat
for the noon hours, but the submarine more likely to not gather data in that hours. So, one of the boats will likely
be overloaded.

The trade-off here is to analyze data faster, they have to accept the fact that at least one of the boats will be
overloaded.

## Partitioning by Hash Value
Pros:
- Just like random partitioning, the data will be evenly distributed, which means the boats have the same amount of
data, and won't likely to get overloaded.
- Because the hashes generated by the timestamps, and each boat has a range of hashes, the analysts need to find the
hash for the data they want to analyze, and need only one boat the run queries on the given timestamp.

Cons:
- The timestamp on the data will quitely distributed randomly, so, the analysts need to run queries on hashes, not timestamp.
That means before every query, they need to run the hash function to get the specified data. But the time cost of this
procedure is not as much as in the random partitioning.

This partition seems like the best solution for Aquabyte. It has more pros, and cons are quite excusable.
